Related works expansion (#41)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/related_works.tex

\citet{tea_leaves} is a well-known paper within the topic modeling community, which presents different methods for evaluating probabilistic topic models. 
An important observation they made, is that a good held-out likelihood, normally called perplexity, infers less semantically meaningful topics.
They also present two different human judgment methods, which can be used to evaluate topic models.
\citet{topic_coherence_2015} introduce new measures for evaluating topic models, where some of them use the co-occurrence or conditional probability of words within topics to measure how coherent the topics are. 
In order to verify that these metrics work, they conduct a large user study in conjunction with these metric evaluations.

\citet{li2006pachinko} present a \gls{dag} structured topic model, called the \gls{pam}, where topics are in a hierarchical structure, which allows it to find two types of topics, namely super-topics and sub-topics. 

\citet{card2017neural} describe how to incorporate metadata information within a neural network to find topics using variational inference methods.

There also exist a variety of models that look at either document or word metadata.

> Of models that incorporate document-level metadata, some examples are: Supervised LDA (sLDA) by \citet{blei2010supervised}, Labelled LDA (LLDA) by \citet{llda2009}, and the Dirichlet Multinomial Regression (DMR) model by \citet{mimno2008topic}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some examples of models that incorporate document-level metadata are: Supervised LDA (sLDA) by \citet{blei2010supervised}, Labelled LDA (LLDA) by \citet{llda2009}, and the Dirichlet Multinomial Regression (DMR) model by \citet{mimno2008topic}.
```
nothing wrong, i just liked this wording better

Examples of models that incorporate word-level metadata are: WF-LDA by \citet{wf-lda2010} and LF-LDA by \citet{lf-lda2015}.
WF-LDA extends \gls{lda} by using word features to make a prior for the topics.
LF-LDA takes the approach of replacing \gls{lda}'s topic-word Dirichlet multinomial component with a two-component mixture of a topic-word Dirichlet multinomial component and a latent feature component.

From these works, we mainly use the concepts from \citet{author_topic_2012} for how we use metadata in our models, though with slight changes in the models for handling the characteristics of our data.
There is one main reason why we use the concepts from the author-topic model instead of the newer MetaLDA model~\cite{MetaLDA2017}.
In MetaLDA, each document has a specific Dirichlet prior for its topic distribution, which is computed from the metadata of the document.
This limits the ability to analyze a model that includes multiple metadata, while in the author-topic model other metadata can be included as their own meta-topic distributions and be analyzed further.

> Also, since MetaLDA uses the document-topic distribution as its base, we wont be able to explore other interesting connections, such as the connection between learned category-topic distributions and the topics that are most probable for specific categories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, since MetaLDA uses the document-topic distribution as its base, we would not be able to explore other interesting connections, such as the connection between learned category-topic distributions and the topics that are most probable for specific categories.
```
man burger normalt ikke sammentrækninger i artikler
